minimal Vault with few storage options and plugins (#27394)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/27394.txt

```release-note:feature

> build: Add go build tag `minimal`. Set BUILD_MINIMAL to non-empty to build
> a minimal version of Vault with only core features.

Reviewer: Features have a slightly different format:
```suggestion
**Vault Minimal Version**: Add the ability to build a minimal version of Vault with only core features using the BUILD_MINIMAL environment variable.
```
